Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, like, that's all the talk.
We are also going to have the profile for two of our year, but this time around is gonna keep on continuously
circling.
Okay, not to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VSC court.
And you can see over here we have the last column, which is for this share.
Which we took the reply and this test.
And over here we have the overall column.
And the reason for this is because we want all ads that are going to go inside it to be displayed what
vertically that is from top to bottom.
And you can see over here we have the main elements and we are saying we want to space this evenly.
So you can see over here this widget and this widget and this widget has because space, you can see
the space and this space and this space.
Okay.
So now to do this, we can basically do this right after.
This last hole, you can see its pants.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, we're going to be within the main column, right?
So not to do this, we can basically do this right after they're all we can do is we can have a more
smoke cleaner code.
Okay.
So after the screen, sorry, not after, but within the screens, we are going to create a new for
the adorable codes for the widgets.
So widgets.
Okay.
And over this widgets we can then create a new flag and they're going to call this circle or this cool
animation.
Okay.
On the animation and the station, go dark.
Now all we want is a minute.
The user visits this screen.
We want the profile to keep on continuously sick leave.
Okay.
That's is immediately to use our visitors screen.
Not to do this.
Going to abuse.
Using something known.
Asked what's in these states and that's using this state are going to be needing to use the stateful
widgets okay as well we can call this circle circle on the.
And the nation.
Okay.
Now we need to highlight and there is quantum dots in other parts, the material that that package.
So let's see.
Okay.
Now, the first thing we need to do is a set of the animation settings.
So over here, we can create a little rainbow to see if we want to do this at this moment.
And, of course, we have a controller, and now we can just specify the type of rainbow.
Is this type of on the mission controller.
Okay.
And now what we want to do is munity.
These are visit this screen.
We then want to do something.
So where you are going to be in the United States.
And.
Over here, we can then give this variable a value.
Controller is going to be equal to the on the.
Mission.
Controller.
Okay.
Now you can see it has a property known as V Sink and it's going to be referring to this class.
Okay, then notice, is this the effect of this class?
All we can do is over here.
You're going to need to see.
Single.
Teacup provider statesman.
If you don't know what this does.
Just know you need this basically to use animation.
Okay.
And as well this.
And Mission Control has a property known as duration.
Okay.
It's going to be duration.
Duration.
Okay.
Now, we can't just say no sitcoms.
So milliseconds, not microseconds.
You can as well say minutes.
Okay, we can just say 5000.
Okay.
Addition of agitator, cover and use, control and save.
Okay as well.
We can.
Then say controller.
With in, is that right?
Okay, Controller.
Controller touch forward.
And we also want to repeat it the comptroller.
Dutch we get.
Okay, Controller.
Dodge.
We?
Pete.
Okay.
Great.
Now.
This is okay now.
Is it not written in a container?
They're going to return something to us.
I think it's called real.
Rotation.
Transaction.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, this rotation transaction has a required property known as.
So since we can see, we want to use that swing animation.
Swing.
Okay.
And now we can specify how we want this animation to start by saying Begin.
And it has to double.
So it's going to be zero.
I want you to start from the 0.0 and ends in 1.0.
Okay.
And over here, we need to see dogs on the inmates.
Then pass in that controller cable.
We just created.
Okay, Controller.
Okay.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Okay.
And now all we can do is within this rotation, it has the child property as well for the child.
We can make this a bit dynamic.
So whenever we call the second mission, we're going to need to pass in the value.
So over here we need to say finer and this is going to be a type of widget that is going to need to
pass a value which is going to be a type of widget.
And we can call this child.
Okay.
And now we can alight and use control dots.
Create constructs for final fields.
And you can see he's already required you for any reason.
You don't have this required.
You can just add it yourself.
Okay.
And for this ability to pass in the child.
Was in.
Okay.
Which side?
So now that's I says this, you can see this is a top level table.
So we need to see which adds.
That's child.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can use control necessary.